all good health now I
I am in my kitchen here this white
more closet is our refrigerator and
less locker is our freezer
the camera I want today
I will defrost and will do it by
the way i never used
they did not tell him , and they said
what is the operational defrosting method
freezer here today i will
do everything take video share with
before you start
for a start about thirty minutes ago I
unplugged the freezer from the outlet
so he went down and went down
let's say so out of all these tubes
inside further my task is to get it out
freezer bw all contents a
it will be easy for me because we have
freezer that's such a
so here
I leave them with 6 shelves and and
I bear today's cold winter
collected myself kind i will endure all
contents to the balcony on
He's more open and not to
melted nothing melted I will cover everything
a blanket
can there be some kind of jacket if you have
there is no way to make content
freezer to the street you can
put somewhere in your kitchen or in
another cool place in an apartment in
the house is covered with a blanket
and two three hours nothing with frozen
products do not happen they do not melt a
During this time
melts all the ice freezer anri and so
I'm starting to get all the content
my periwinkle is already empty instead of section
with frozen foods I put on
a shelf of dice street hot water that is
so real boiling water here is another
empty shelf and below empty shelf
spring-summer still put this pot I
still on this some kind of capacity procedure and
started at 13 already started 1315 check
how much time will it take me from
pairs here are a pair that forms under
hot water is already happening process
defrostations ie defrosting
ice crackles I'll wait after 5
10 minutes defrosting process takes place
very fast I do not have time to lose
wipe the water that has accumulated ice falls
i have some saucepan with water re
set
put the legs and then again put on
kidneys one elephant all very really
promptly defrosted
don't really like the main one don't flood
neighbors with its base courtesy of 1429
the freezer was already completely melted
removed all the saucepan until completely gone
took
warm water add ordinary
table vinegar and all
all this mixture washed completely wiped
whole interior freezer
water with vinegar removes the smell
frost- specific varnish and now i'm still
once rubbed
plain warm water once more
freezer and you can run
1514 that is, it took me two hours
procedure defrost freezer
she has already dried freezer
Now I will close the door and turn it on.
outlet this unit after half an hour when
the freezer will come out on its like
work schedule work mode i
upload her food and she
will continue to work on that
show this method takes place to be very
really quick operational of
these two hours are probably half
time left only for what I washed
dried freezer defrost
it took me very little time minutes
45 is probably the maximum but maybe
60 I recommend using this
very practical way
much really more to say
efficiency thanks for watching
I'll see you